feat: DH-22178: deephaven.ui context (#1334)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/hooks/use_context.md

# use_context

> Instead of passing props down through every level of the component tree, you can utilize the `use_context` hook to share values. `use_context` is a hook that consumes the current value of a `Context`, which tracks the value the most recent provider supplies for that context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can simplify passing props through your component tree by using the `use_context` hook to share values. This hook allows you to access the current value of a `Context`, which tracks the latest value provided by its closest provider.
```

Author: Done

> > [!TIP] > `use_context` and `Context` are based on React's Context API. See the [React docs](https://react.dev/learn/passing-data-deeply-with-context) for more in-depth explanations and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!TIP] 
> `use_context` and `Context` are based on React's Context API. See the [React docs](https://react.dev/learn/passing-data-deeply-with-context) for more in-depth explanations and examples.
```
At least this is how it is when I format tips in the other repos.

Author: Fixed... something about my setup is trying to force that to the same line when I save
